#labels Featured,Phase-Design
= MR Wallpaper =
Mr Wallpaper general feature wiki, Visit code.edzero.net for more recent information.

== Introduction ==

The legend says Mr Wallpaper is thought to be one of the best wallpaper creation software pieces around. Why you ask? simple. 

I woke up one day figuring I've got more than 75,000 anime images... Most of them I saw them and said to me, this would be a nice wallpaper... BUT... FEAR THE WIDESCREEN MONITOR. when assigned, it gets horribly stretched. just no good...
And then I went on a journey... a journey to find the oracle... MR. Wallpaper. The great guy that can solve my problems.

== Details ==

Unfortunately Mr. Wallpaper did not exist... and i had to find an alternative... give up? use some Image Editor to find the right image, crop and resize?... lets see... 75000 images lets suppose I see 1 per every 10 seconds... it would take me... 750,000 seconds... 208 hours...
No way... and many of them didn't even met the size requirements... Something must be done.
Well if Mr. Wallpaper doesn't exist... Lets create one!

So here it my journey began.

Current Features
  * Search over your folders for "suitable" images
  * Right click to make wallpaper and open a crop/resize interface
  * Crop/Resize image and save as JPG
  * Fix bugs and possible errors
  * Make it "beautiful"
  * Make it configurable

Future Features:
  * Improve performance.
  * Add more options to the crop/resize (make wallpaper) tab so that you can save the result as any image format and be able to configure the way this images are saved.